The best surfer out there is the one having the most fun. Out of water, I am nothing. My passion for surfing was more than my fear of sharks. Surfing is attitude dancing. We're all equal before a wave. Surfing's one of the few sports that you look ahead to see what's behind. The biggest sin in the world would be if I lost my love for the ocean. Wiping out is an underappreciated skill. It's like the mafia. Once you're in - your in. There's no getting out. Your surfing can get better on every turn, on every wave you catch. Learn to read the ocean better. A big part of my success has been wave knowledge. It's all about where your mind's at The joy of surfing is so many things combined, from the physical exertion of it, to the challenge of it, to the mental side of the sport. I think when a surfer becomes a surfer, it's almost like an obligation to be an environmentalist at the same time. I'm just a surfer who wanted to build something that would allow me to surf longer. I took off on a wave, went down the side, popped out the other end, and went, shit, I'm still alive! It's a culmination of your life of surfing when you turn and paddle in at Mavericks. I surf to get tan. If you're having a bad day, catch a wave. If in doubt, paddle out. It's not tragic to die doing something you love. Eddie would go. I've committed to surfing the rest of my life. I try changing my surfing, which is the absolute worst thing you can do. Everyone surfs their own way. If I try to surf like someone else I look like a dork. Waves are not measured in feet and inches, they are measured in increments of fear. Surfing is very much like making love. It always feels good, no matter how many times you've done it. Surfing is for life. If there was no such thing as barrels I probably wouldn't even surf. You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf. One drop in is an accident, two is rude, three is a twatable offence. Sometimes in the morning, when it's a good surf, I go out there, and I don't feel like it's a bad world. Surfing soothes me, it's always been a kind of Zen experience for me. The ocean is so magnificent, peaceful, and awesome. The rest of the world disappears for me when I'm on a wave. One of the greatest things about the sport of surfing is that you need only three things: your body, a surfboard, and a wave. I've tried body surfing. It's nice. Surfing is the most blissful experience you can have on this planet, a taste of heaven. There is nothing, nothing, more sad than a surfer who used to surf. I love surfing more than cricket. It's more interesting and you meet great people. There's nothing quite like surfing by yourself in the middle of the Pacific Ocean, but unpredictable weather patterns, below deck accommodation, sea snakes, coral cuts and packs of reef sharks make it a trip for the committed seadog. Surfing, alone among sports, generates laughter at its very suggestion, and this is because it turns not a skill into an art, but an inexplicable and useless urge into a vital way of life. Surfing is such an amazing concept. You're taking on Nature with a little stick and saying, 'I'm gonna ride you!' And a lot of times Nature says, 'No you're not!' and crashes you to the bottom. If it swells, ride it! I could not help concluding this man had the most supreme pleasure while he was driven so fast and so smoothly by the sea. What I love the most about surfing is that it's my first love. It's the first thing I can remember being consumed by. Surfing's the source. Can change your life. Swear to god. Fear causes hesitation, and hesitation will cause your worst fears to come true. Charlie don't surf. Thank God for a few free waves. There is not one right way to ride a wave. The reason Duke Kahanamouku didn't like me was that I liked him too much.
Surfers are waaay deep… existential even. Haha! We’re very emotional. We cry at weddings. We love the ocean, the waves, the world.. “Surfing is very much like making love. It always feels good, no matter how many times you’ve done it.” “If in doubt, paddle out.” “There are a million ways to surf, and as long as you’re smiling you’re doing it right.” “You gotta go in the mud sometimes to figure who you are.” “Eddie would go.” “Surfing is for life” “There are no more committed people on the planet than surfers. We fall down a lot. We turn around, paddle back out, and do it over and over again. Unlike anything else in life, the stoke of surfing is so high that the failures quickly fade from memory.” “the best surfer out there is the one having the most fun” “For those searching for something more than just the norm. We lay it all down, including what others call sanity, for just a few moments on waves larger than life. We do this because we know there is still something greater than all of us. Something that inspires us spiritually. We start going down hill, when we stop taking risks.” “You either surf or you fight” “If I couldn’t surf, I’d just die.” “There are, as you read this, uncounted millions of people who now go through life without any source of real, vibrant kick. The legions of the unjazzed. But surfers have found one way. God knows, there are other ways. Each to his special danger. Skiing is not enough. Sailing is near. Ski-jumping almost. Automobile racing has got it. Bullfighting makes you dead. The Answer is surfing.” “i surf to get tan” “its not tragic to die doing something you love” “if Jesus is on Tim Curran’s side and Occy is Jesus, who gets to win?” “I probably love surfing more than I love women. Like, I love women. They’re great. But surfing has always been there for me and women haven’t. Women just break my heart. Surfing never has.” “Just take your time – wave comes. Let the other guys go, catch another one.” “Honest to goodness it’s the absolute ultimate!” “You can’t stop the waves, but you can learn to surf” “Sometimes in the morning, when it’s a good surf, I go out there, and I don’t feel like it’s a bad world” “I think when a surfer becomes a surfer, it’s almost like an obligation to be an environmentalist at the same time.” “I try changing my surfing, which is the absolute worst thing you can do. Everyone surfs their own way. If I try to surf like someone else I look like a dork.” “Walang impossible kung addict ka” “i surf a 9-inch” “Persist, persist, persist”